spanish verb conjugation and descriptive adjectives
too many frameworks
frontend css is still stupid
donald trump tweets every morning
so much process...
bugs everywhere
death and taxes
we just move bits around
so many ceph connections
so much kafka lag
alternative minimum tax
no more free kindle
talking about doing work instead of doing work
why am i getting a tax refund...
lunch items that cost $12.01
early morning stress test
4 controllers but only 2 chargers
car wash is in another parking lot
lunch meetings
perl
juice for lunch
no more coffee
technical excellence
goddamn javascript is so weird
rube goldberg machines running in production
又累又想睡 可是睡不着
why is my toast delay fucked up
6 months and knife still doesn't work
sekiro needs a boss rush mode
talk bullshit without data
sugar everywhere
too much patting on the back
i need to learn math
h264 encoding does not fully utilize my cpu and gpu
waking up everyday
the jagweeds
dog poop in my yard
bugs every where
allergies
why is there a separate amp-img tag
typing healtcheck instead of healthcheck
who reset my slack name
twilio jacket pockets
JIRA is a fickel pickle
there are no minio client errors from gofilterd at all
calorie intake and getting larger pants
we should create our own libraries
my computer is frozen
MacBook multiple monitors not connecting right
agile for really reals
terraform and its statefulness
playing overwatch with angry kids
The quoted forms are rarely used in practice, but are required for some legitimate purposes. Hence, they should not be rejected in filtering routines but, should instead be passed to the email system for evaluation by the destination host.
agile processes
meetings about meetings
everything's sore
too many projects
hearthstone ate my lunch money
its not hard !
my trackpad doesn't work anymore
do not be a wage slave
sprint goals
vim should have built in code beautifiers
i forgot to order lunch ... again
spamming fifa buttons is hard to cancel
no more tendergreens : (
jimmyjames is trying to code inject my thing
is there really no built-in javascript method to encode html entity references?
splunk ui eats key strokes
whyislifesohard.today responded HTTP 406 Not Acceptable "too nasty"
rss needs a json version
Mail::CheckUser sucks
can't stamp my own pr
sgs behavior is so complicated
why is kube double escaping my json
Why do we mimic Toyota manufacturing
standing on chairs
memory use in go services
sam is trying to code inject my thing
kube gofilterd works better than onprem vm
math is always wrong
they used to be called concurrent and parallel systems
i would like to know what is going on
more sgs bugs
all day meetings!
when half of your paycheck goes for tax!
Channels everywhere
what happened to my append only file, all the suck from friday is gone...
why is Palpatine not dead
maybe star wars has always been just shitty kids movies
none of the knobs have any effect
fucking knobs, they do nothing
perl filter unit tests
helm can't upgrade when kube doesn't have extra quota
skipped gym
legacy systems are all bad, but not really. everything sucks
I want to join the satanic temple
i am beaten. i can't take a third bite of this lamb kidney.
walking across campus with no phone or music...what is this the dark ages?
tweedledum wears the same shirt everyday
lightstep satellites are dying
postoffice dedupers are dying
i bet if i made this 25 years ago i would be rich now
i need to learn meth
senile process
throwing your back out at 26
Traffic
People judging your lunch choice
No more wipes in the men’s bathroom
telephone's birthday
jira
drop schema whyislifesohard;
wednesday lunch T_T
everything in the US is either low fat or low sugar
e2e 💩
HEAD and GET requests taking the same amount of time
everything on lemonade is over $12
chef is so slow
🚹 🚺 🚻 🚽 💩 🤳
why is it so hard to clear browser cache
asynchronous programming is so unnatural
richard tried sql injection, but he didn't even do it right!
why is life so hard
all the poop emojis are smiling
/all doesnt work any more :sadpanda:
haptic feedback on my trackpad is broken
something something ordering lunch something something
/dev/urandom of=/dev/stdout count=1000 bs=10 | base64)
hello‘); DROP TABLE newmisery;
ronnie is spamming me with crap
ceph container is a piece of garbage
All the things I absolutely love are bad for me - FatherFigure
why are spouses always right?
why do we have so many foodee reminders and so less veggie options?
Why does Delivery get Richard?
Its too cold in the office
whyislifesohard.today needs a jira board
i need to add reCaptcha
blast chiller vent above my new seat
बहन के लौड़े
Why is so hard to convince parents?
is it supposed to be at 7 or 8?
i would like a poop emoji that is not smiling
its only tuesday, but tweedledum is already wearing his thursday shirt
Why does everyone think I'm the Test Commander? - Richard
email::valid doesn't suck, but the suck from mail::checkuser bled everywhere for years now everything will suck
if i live stream myself panhandling, am i a beggar or a streamer?
money
too many java developers in this world
dkim keys
it's not - dustin G is awesome! thank you dustin! look look dustin! looOOOK!!!!
people putting their names on everything
